Thank you for even downloading this stupid little fangame of mine!
竟然还有人下载了我这个垃圾pvz同人游戏，真的太感动了……
This txt file contains a brief introduction to everything to need to know about pvz idk.
基本上你玩这个破游戏需要知道的东西都在这了

1.basic elements 游戏元素
-zombies(big surprise)
-僵尸（只要你不是十年脑血栓应该都知道）
  pvz idk adds resistance to different types of dmg(e.g. physical, ice, fire, poison) to zombies and their armors, reducing or increase the dmg they take of that type
 pvz idk 中，僵尸和防具拥有对某些属性的伤害（如物理、冰、火、毒）的‘抗性’，令它们受到更多或更少对应属性的伤害
  currently most armors reduces the physical dmg taken and metal armors increases the electrical dmg taken
 目前，大部分防具收到的物理伤害都会被减少，而金属防具收到的雷电伤害会上升
-plants(no way)
-植物（还用再说吗）
  pvz idk adds 2 new gimmicks to plants- grafting and plant revolution
  pvz idk 中有关植物的新机制有嫁接和植物进化
  grafting: a plant can be planted onto another plant with the same family, with lower costs
 嫁接：你可以把一个植物直接种在另一个同家族植物的上面，花费阳光减少
  plant revolution: certain plants get this effects after grafting onto another plant. they get flames around them and takes less dmg. they also gets some special effects. plant revolution effect ends after a certain amount of time or when there's no zombie in the plant's range.
 植物进化：在被嫁接到一个其他植物上之后，一些植物会获得‘植物进化’效果，（有火焰特效），持续一段时间，植物攻击范围内没有目标效果也会消失。期间植物获得减伤以及特殊效果。
-power-up
-妙具
  the idea comes from the gadgets in brawl stars... you click the power-up button (sometimes selecting something )and something happens
 灵感来源于荒野的妙具。玩家点击妙具后，有时会被要求选择一个目标，然后就会有一些效果（说了等于没说）
  power-ups cost nothing to use in-game, has recharge and a max use time
 妙具在局内使用无需消耗资源，但有冷却和使用上限

2.zombies 僵尸
 -browncoat 普僵  200HP
   walks fast, but deals low dmg
  高速低攻
  -conehead 路障 400+200HP
   leaves cone obstacle after death that spawns another conehead if not destroyed quickly
   亡语：留下一个路障障碍物，若一段时间内未被摧毁则原地生成一个路障
   -buckethead 铁桶 600+200HP
      after death, gives all zombies in 3x3 a bucket
   亡语：给所有3x3范围内的僵尸戴上铁桶
   -pogo 跳跳僵尸 300HP
    jumps when advancing, ignores plants and dodging some missles
    跳着前进，无视植物且有时能躲避子弹
   -football 大爷 800+200HP
    P.S.the helmet has extremely high physical resistance 头盔看着血少但抗性高
      just runs fast and eats fast 跑得快，啃得快
   -screendoor zombie 铁门僵尸 1500+200HP
   same as vanilla
   和原版一样
   -jeff zombie 重甲僵尸 1500+800+600+400+200HP
   slow but extremely tanky and destory plants extremely fast
   行动缓慢，但血量惊人且牙口很好
   -flag zombie 旗帜僵尸 1500+800+1200HP
   has a screendoor, a bucket, and a high base hp too. walk fast
   钢门铁桶旗帜（囍）而且本体血量也很高，走路速度较快
     flag zombies has special effects according to its kind:旗帜僵尸根据种类有着各种特殊效果：
     heal flag 治疗旗帜 heal all zombies slightly with a short duration 每隔一段时间就稍微治疗场上的所有僵尸
     turbo flag 疾驰旗帜 make all zombies move faster 让僵尸走路变快
     aggro flag 快攻旗帜（飞舞） increase the atk of all zombies 让僵尸牙口变好
     deadly flag 致死旗帜（飞舞） increase the atk of all zombies to 9999999 让所有僵尸可以秒植物
     revive flag 重生旗帜（烦人） heal all zombies to maximum every now and then 每个一段时间让所有僵尸恢复至满血
     grave flag 墓碑旗帜 every now and then summons a grave 每隔一段时间召唤一个墓碑
     summon flag 召唤旗帜 every now and then summons a 'special' zombie 每隔一段时间召唤一个‘特殊’僵尸
     crowd flag 群体旗帜（真神） doubles or triple the zombie amount 令每波僵尸数目翻倍

3. plants 植物（不是新植物就只讲更改的部分）
    - peashooter 豌豆射手 75 sun 豌豆家族
    increase atk duration, drastically reducing recharge
    攻速降低 冷却大幅降低
    - sunflower 炮灰葵 50 sun 花家族
       increase hp
       血量提升
    - repeater 双发射手 225 sun 豌豆家族
       greatly increase atk speed
       攻速大幅提升
    - snow pea 寒冰射手 200sun 豌豆家族
       slightly increase atk speed
    稍微提升攻速
    - puff shroom 小喷菇 0 sun 蘑菇家族
       increased recharge, after attacking for a certain amount of time duplicates
    增加冷却，且攻击达一定次数后原地再长出个小喷
    - sun shroom 阳光菇 25 sun 蘑菇家族
        increase production speed after growing
     长大后产速提升
    - fume shroom 大喷菇 175sun 蘑菇家族
        now attacks entire lane
     攻击整行
    - milk pea 牛奶豌豆 175 sun 豌豆家族
        shoots milk buckets that buffs zombies, but they immediately dies after 5th milk
     射出增强僵尸的牛奶，但僵尸被击中第5次后直接死亡
    - 好了我懒得写了自己去试吧 ill countiue this part later 机枪和猫尾草有很酷炫的植物进化效果

4. power-ups 妙具
    - nutcracker 胡桃夹子
    select a plant and destroys it, stunning all zombies. the stun will be longer with plants of higher hp.
    选择一个植物并摧毁之，根据植物血量眩晕全场僵尸
   - blizzard 暴风雪
       chill all plant, but when they next attack/produce they instead de-chilled themselves and shoots a snowball that freezes zombies and can pierce them
    令所有植物冷冻（攻速减慢），但它们下次攻击、生产时会解冻并射出无限穿透僵尸并冻结它们的雪球
        